# 0.3 Testimonials
This chapter is about testimonials from engineers all over the world. They have all used The Standard in their daily projects and benefited from it. Here's their testimonials:

---

<i> "The Standard helped me think out of the box while designing any system." </i>

<b>Awais Shabir</b> <br />
<i> Lead Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Cloud Solution, Saudi Arabia </i>

---

<i> "The Standard provides a focus on a common architecture and approach for teams that I lead." </i>

<b> Dennis Landi</b> <br />
<i> Technical Architect </i> <br />
<i> Allied Data, Inc., USA</i>

---

<i> "The Standard gives the full potential to realize the impact of true software engineer can give to themself and also to the society in terms of knowledge, delivering quality and maintainable software." </i>

<b> Shri Humrudha Jagathisun</b> <br />
<i> Senior Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, USA</i>

---

<i> "The Standard provides Better separation of concerns.
Unification of project templates between different teams." </i>

<b> Raúl Lorenzo Boulllosa </b> <br />
<i> Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Altia Consultores, Spain </i> 

---
<i> "The Standard help me in writing more and more clean code, writing better Test-Driven Solutions and my team starts working in more coherence" </i>

<b> Mabrouk Mahdhi </b> <br />
<i> Sr. Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Messer SE & Co. KGaA, Germany </i> 


---

<i> "The Standard helped with consistent implementation of software that could be understood by all levels of experience.
Proper adoption of TDD. Simplification. Set a standard that is known and used in code reviews to ensure code quality." </i>

<b> Christo du Toit </b> <br />
<i> Senior Digital Developer </i> <br />
<i> National Health Services, England </i>
  
---

<i> "It helps in easy design, consistent and easy to read code bases, easy to organize tasks, and high code quality." </i>
  
<b> Kailu Hu </b> <br />
<i> Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, USA </i>
  
---

<i> "The Standard helped with Increased speed in developing excellent software." </i>

<b> Yusuf Corr </b> <br />
<i> Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, USA </i>

---

<i> "The Standard helped the team in implementing the code quality standards reducing many problems and the risk of project failures. It also helps in the development of software programs that are less complex and thereby reduce errors." </i>

<b> Marthin Thomas </b> <br />
<i> Software Developer </i> <br />
<i> Alpha Events and Marketing, Namibia </i>

---

<i> "The standard learnings helped me get my first full time position as a web developer" </i>

<b> Florian Renard  </b> <br />
<i> Web Developer </i> <br />
<i> HR Team, France </i>

---

<i> "Better internal and cross team collaboration. Less meetings and churn with conversations like “tabs vs spaces”.  Common set of concepts and buzzwords to facilitate communication and collaboration.  PRs, continuous integration/feedback and engineering quality become automatic. Easily one of the best ways to remove the roadblocks that inhibit new teams." </i>

<b> Josh McCall </b> <br />
<i> Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, USA </i>

---

<i> "The breakdown of existing N-Tier architectures in to more granular pieces make for a higher quality of tested on inception code." </i>

<b> Paul Ward  </b> <br />
<i> Head of Technology </i> <br />
<i> Corporate LinX, England </i>

---

<i> "The Standard is a wonderful book. It helps me to re-think the software design, and project refactoring." </i>

<b> Sam Xu  </b> <br />
<i> Senior Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, China </i>

---

<i> "The Standard takes out the ambiguity that comes with writing code. It takes into consideration many edge cases and threats which go unseen so many times in SDL. It is developer friendly and gives the flexibility of anyone working on any service/product if it uses The Standard. My team can take vacation and the work will still go on as if that same engineer is writing the code." </i>

<b> Geetika Jain  </b> <br />
<i> Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, India </i>

---

<i> "The Standard, according to me should be every engineer's toolkit. It unravels some common assumptions, unknowns and silent doubts that would come to every engineer's mind but end up staying inside unanswered. This living document should be adopted broadly worldwide to an extent that it becomes the common language for software development making it easier to people to collaborate and bring qualitatively engineered products to life." </i>

<b> Bhavana Konchada </b> <br />
<i> Senior Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, India </i>

---

<i> "Introducing Standard has organized my code base. Now it is more readable for me and everyone who is new. I have also learned new things that i was not aware of."</i>

<b> Vishwanadha Goli </b> <br />
<i> Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, India </i>

---

<i> "Provided a framework for engineers to grow within. Inspired engineers to think more on design and architecture within the source code, not just the application resource topology. Taught engineers to think of the developer experience (onboarding, readability, maintainability) beyond their immediate project."</i>

<b> Sean Hobbs </b> <br />
<i> Software Engineer II </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, USA </i>

---


<i> "The Standard helped me transition from intimidated to empowered, as I sought out to create a system strong enough to support my goals. Envisioning the product and the UI was the easy part - knowing how to tie everything together in a way that would allow the product to continue evolving seemed impossible. Hassan's blueprint has given me clarity, motivated me to use best practices, and enabled me to create software that will scale appropriately." </i>

<b> Danielle Scott </b> <br />
<i> Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, USA </i>

---


<i> "Relaunching my career as a software engineer having left it for almost 15 years, The Standard helps me to quickly regain confidence and skills in coding and software design. The Standard removes ambiguity and applies SOLID principles elegantly. It also speaks to me on many levels, personally and professionally, through its observation of the world and everything in it." </i>

<b> Christopher Tang </b> <br />
<i> Software Developer </i> <br />
<i> Axios IT Pty Ltd, Australia </i>

---


<i> "The-Standard gave me hope, enriched my knowledge and enabled me build highly-profitable apps. If you think this is the next tech-book on how to write "good" software, you are utterly mistaken. Personally, The-Standard taught me the craft of software engineering, like topics ranging from effective team management to proper commit history." </i>

<b> Elbek Normurodov </b> <br />
<i> Staff Software Engineer </i> <br />
<i> Piorsoft, LLC, Uzbekistan </i>

---


<i> "It allowed me to introduce structure within my hobby projects. It lends itself to a test driven approach which has helped plug gaps in projects at work. Though the terminology used has taken time to getting used to, it allows an easy way to communicate new ideas between each other." </i>

<b> Callum Marshall </b> <br />
<i> Full Stack Developr </i> <br />
<i> Corporate LinX, UK </i>

---


<i> "The Standard provided me with a unified understanding of software development principles and best practices in an easy and approachable way. Hassan has managed to distil years of practical wisdom into a simple-to-understand manual that is easy to grasp and follow. I am finally clear about where different pieces of code need to go and why. I have began applying it to one proprietary project for a client of the company I work at. I cannot over-emphasize how much I appreciate the concept of brokers-services-exposers -- an unforgettable and powerful way to think about software. Thank you Hassan!" </i>

<b> Junaid Bedford </b> <br />
<i> Software Developer </i> <br />
<i> iOCO Digital, South Africa </i>

---


<i> "	I am always looking for best practices in my job. Standard will unify my professional dictionary not only in communication but also to prioritize everyday tasks, optimize cost of projects and knowledge flow in whole organization." </i>

<b> Marek Słowikowski </b> <br />
<i> IT Architect </i> <br />
<i> MSUI, Poland </i>

---

<i> "The Standard completely changed my perspective on thinking about how enterprise level robust systems are developed. - Being part of a really good community created around Standard helps to discuss and use the best/state-of-the-art engineering practices in the open-source project (and possibly my team projects) which follows Standard guidelines. - The Standard also helped me to get much deeper understanding on the design pattern used while developing a software. It also helped me to effectively participate more in my team design discussion sessions." </i>

<b> Shivang Soni </b> <br />
<i> Software Developer </i> <br />
<i> Microsoft, India </i>


---

<i> "With a cumulative of over 42 years of software development, The Standard principles people first attitude has shed a bright light on the software engineering industry.
The extremly easy approach to these concepts help not just programming newcomers, but as well can greatly beneifit us old timers of the software world.
When I first put a MS-Dos 5.25in. floppy in a PC with no hard drives, I never in a million years thought anything can be easier to follow."
Hassan Habib and the Standard Community are the epitome of People First always someone somewhere to help or listen</i>

<b> Gregory Hays</b> <br />
<i> Business Application Development </i> <br />
<i> Southern California, USA</i>
